okay my name is Eli Gessler Eli Morgan
guesser i'm here with eli and you're one
of the people who found the famous
skateboard company shut yes in the store
right now and warren's what had you meet
up with the fountain well I'm I was born
and raised in New York City and I grew
up writing graffiti and skateboarding
here in Manhattan and when I was about
13 and 14 years old I started just doing
like little skateboard graphics with my
graffiti pens and stuff for local skate
shop like skate Soho skates and what
whatever and then the kind of older
skaters who was my business partner
Rodney and another guy Bruno mu so they
wanted to start the first New York City
skateboard company we were starting to
New York you should help design for them
too well um that's a funny story because
after shut me and one of the other guys
who did a lot of the graphics for shut
who is this guy named Ali Asha gibril a
work amor who lives in San Diego know he
was another graffiti writing
skateboarder in New York and then
because of a lot of the work we did for
shut we act Alyosha and I kind of got
found by Russell Simmons and Ally Asha
and me started phat farm with Russell
Simmons Rodney at the time shut went out
of business and he was got the idea to
go start zoo york and wanted me to be
the art director for zoo york and i was
like that's fine we had no money we were
kind of like trying to figure out how to
get money together to go and start zoo
and then Adam stepped up to the plate
and came through with some money either
had to go to make more money and expand
out was to make more skateboard brands
or to go heavier into clothes and
clothing seem to really be you know
obviously something that I had a Forte
within a history with and relationships
in the industry with and we went and
tried to go find partners that would be
good for us to pursue the clothing
aspect of zoo and ultimately ended up
working with echo so they gave us the
material or the the opportunity and the
money in the
structure to go and bring zoo to a to a
much broader mainstream appeal so so
what is this wall about with all these
boards this this wall is basically like
our like little display wall that we
have built to kind of show off our shop
words that we have I think right now
we're a little bit like because we have
a new order coming in but this isn't
even all the boards we make but this is
like a little uh would you call us a
display stand Rodney came up with which
is really great that kind of spins and
you know has the the boards on both
sides so we can utilize more space and
this way you can actually feel the
concave of the board and how the boards
are made between 1983 and 1985 had a
strong desire to potentially someday
being business for myself my my next
move was to get in the business get into
the business somehow and that ended up
you know me lucking out and getting a
retail job at a skate shop out of my
closer friends here in New York State
his name is Bruno more so who ended up
being the my partner it was much harder
than we expected in the early years but
we stuck with it before I fell out of
the top ten block I took myself out and
said hey I'm going to start focusing on
how I can make skateboards better for
public but what is special about you for
is anything about the weights made yeah
actually shut boards are one of the last
real companies to be made in the USA and
not just made in the USA but made in the
USA of 100-percent hard rock maple from
the Great Lakes region most skateboards
these days are coming from China or from
Mexico and not really stating what
they're comprised of me I don't do
design I do more business development
working with the manufacturers working
with licenses and distributors around
the world just helping to make sure the
ship sails smooth and that these guys
have the platform to really do their
thing and be as creative and expressive
as they can and if I want to buy some
shut skateboards besides the store
find it you can find shut skateboards
and pretty much any reputable skate real
skate forward store pretty much in the
free world maybe good show some some
things you've worked on sure and so I'm
looking in this in this case and I seen
this pretty cool collaboration you did
with that nice weather is not about yeah
you know we're old friends in Rodney's
an old colleague with Pierre Andre who
is the founder of etnies soul technology
and there's an old freestyle skater from
Europe in the in the late 80s and we
worked with them on this collaboration
that Eli designed around the rap high by
at knees for to celebrate our 20th
anniversary we're working on a couple
other Footwear projects as well I'm
looking at it does uh the next one I
think in spring Oh 10 and then again in
fulton
you